2.  I suggest a check should be indicated on every member page, and that check
    should justify or confirm that a member can be granted loan or not,
    but if he/she does not qualify then the guarantor comes in and that process could be done manually by checking - done
3.  I suggest any information need to be filled about the person should be done,
    please is possible the system could allow taller to capture image of members for registration? - done
8.  Sale of Passbook & Registration - done
7.  Savings Withdrawal - done
9.  Administrative Expense - done

1.  system alerting customers on their due date of paying loans and also alert
    them when their account becomes dormant for 3 months. And also teller
    should also get alert on the system too.
4.  And in the user profile interface , the information required there,  can’t give CU officers much details
    to track a member when he or she refuses to pay a loan
4.  Repayment - Principal plus Interest. - done
2.  I know provision would be made for the members number but the receipt number must also be captured to facilitate easy tracking
    during dispute. - done

3.  Give out Loan - Principal plus Interest  - done

4.  Must have mechanism to flash those who are unable to make their loan repayment after 1 week.

Can these be segmented

For example

* Loans
   - give out loans
   - loan repayment
   - outstanding loans
   - defaulted loans

Something like this For instance again
    * Payment
    - deposit
    - withdrawal

---Query to get accounts who have not paid expected installment
SELECT a.id,
       a.principal,
       (a.principal-a.repayments)             AS balance,
       Round((a.principal-a.repayments)/12,2) AS installment
FROM   (
              SELECT account.id,
                     (
                            SELECT coalesce(sum(cast(Coalesce(amount, 0) AS DECIMAL)), 0)
                            FROM   transaction
                            WHERE  type IN ( 'LOAN',
                                            'LOAN_CHEQUE' )
                            AND    account_id = account.id) AS principal,
                     (
                            SELECT coalesce(sum(cast(coalesce( amount, 0) AS DECIMAL)), 0)
                            FROM   transaction
                            WHERE  type IN ( 'LOAN_REPAYMENT',
                                            'LOAN_REPAYMENT_CHEQUE' )
                            AND    account_id = account.id) AS repayments
              FROM   account
              WHERE  account.type = 'LOAN' ) a
WHERE  (
              a.principal-a.repayments) > 0
AND
       (
              SELECT count(transaction.id)=0
              FROM   "transaction"
              WHERE  to_char(created_date, 'YYYY-MM') =to_char(now(), 'YYYY-MM')
              AND    "transaction".account_id=a.id )